This video is going to be about the
three best agency models to get to $10
million per year or more in revenue. In
my opinion, after working with about 550
agency owners on a monthly basis, most
just don't simply have the unit
economics or business model to allow
them to get to this much. And if you ask
them, a lot of them actually do have a
goal such as this. to get to 10 $10
million per year in revenue, maybe 30%
profit margin or something like that,
sell for a 3 to 5x, and exit for over
eight figures. So, I'm going to go over
it in this video. Regardless of the
business model, you're probably going to
need a funnel like we teach in the scale
your agency program. I have 12 free
trainings that'll be linked in the
description on how to build this for
yourself if you want to, or I can help
you inside my program. But we're going
to need a lot of client acquisition
regardless of the business model we
choose. And this is the example of a
great funnel. So if we go down, the
three business models that we really can
do are we're going to either have to
have a factory approach. Basically
meaning we're going to have to have
hundreds of clients at those 3, 5, 8,
10k per month retainers and just stack
them up. This is what I did at my
previous agency that I exited. The
second is going to be an ultra high
ticket where basically we just have a
few clients but we're charging them
100k, 250k, 500k, a million per year or
more. And the final one is going to be
performance only. Whether that's pay per
lead or a growth partner type model
where you get profit share or whatever.
But these are the really the only three
models that we can do. If you have a lot
of people in their current form, they'll
have kind of bits and pieces of these
three models, but they don't really work
when you mix them. For example, they
might have one or two clients that have
a performance, you know, maybe they get
a percentage of ad spend or they get a
performance bonus or whatever. Or
they'll try to have a factory approach
that have multiple clients, but a lot of
them will have custom work, different
services, all that kind of stuff. Or
they have one big high ticket client and
the rest are kind of small. mixing these
things doesn't really work in a way
that's going to get you to $10 million a
year or more. So, let's go through the
pros and cons of all of them. So, the
factory approach really is like you are
getting, you know, 500 Oops. Let's get
that stroke width a little bit. You're
getting, you know, 5K per month clients
times, let me do the math here, you
know, 5K per month clients. So, let's
go. 10 million per year / 5,000 / 12.
You're really getting like 5K times 166
clients times 12 months is going to be
that 10 mil per year mark. And this is
actually a very good business model
assuming a few things. With this, you're
going to have to have a productized
offer or at least a very set offer that
you know your all of your processes, all
of your SOPs, all of your tools, all of
your training is all basically designed
and revolves around this core service.
And you're basically just going to need
to stack them up. you know, you're going
to be scaling up your paid ads, your
outreach, your appointment setters, your
content, your partnerships, and you're
just going to be able to get this many
clients when you take into account the
amount of churn that some people have.
When you take into account the kind of
poor quality service that a lot of
people have and the fact that they just
don't have the capacity to generate this
many clients, it really doesn't work a
lot for them. The typical things that
you're going to need are basically a 10%
monthly churn or less is kind of the max
if you want this to work. You're going
to be needing to generate maybe about 10
qualified leads per day and closing them
at a 20% type thing. And if you can't do
those, and those are just kind of
general guidelines, and you're going to
have to have a service that basically
gets results for 75% of people or more
in the agency game, you're never going
to be perfect all the time because there
are a lot of factors that are out of
your control. But a lot of people will
get results for their clients 30%, 40%,
50% of the time. It's just not going to
work um in this model. So, if you think
you can't get less than 10% monthly
churn, or you're not even tracking your
churn at this point, so you don't even
know, or you don't think you can
generate 10 qualified leads per day,
whether that's your own skill set or
whether that your market's too small,
and you know that 75% of your clients or
more aren't getting good results. And
the final thing is, I guess, if you
can't charge 5K per month or
more, you're really not going to be able
to get this to that level. So for
context, an agency I sold was we did
landing pages in CRO. So I basically was
charging 8 to 15K per month. We're going
to call it 9.5K on average. And I had
basically at my peak 49 clients paying
this. So 49K per
month, let's just
say 49 * 9.5 on average is 465K per
month. But then I also had 77 white
label partners paying 5K per month for
my landing page service. So this was my
CRO is
385K. So
385. Oops, I multiplied that pretty bad.
This on its own is
850K in
MR and I add about 900K in MR. So 900K
or
850K time
12 is really that 10.2 million per year
mark. So this is like a real example for
landing page white label of how this
would actually work in your services. So
I had this going for me plus a lot of
onetime revenue and that is how I was
able to grow and scale that business for
you know basically that scenario. If you
are someone who's charging like 2500 per
month per client right now in my view
and that's like the that's you think you
can't charge anymore in my view that is
a situation
where you would need you know 333
clients when you account for churn and
when you account for just the quantity
of leads you're going to need to
generate in it's just not going to be
feasible in a lot of markets in my
opinion and it's just something that You
have to kind of recognize and I really
think that this is a good guideline. If
you can't get 10% monthly churn or less,
you can't generate at least 10 qualified
leads per day, if your clients are
getting results at 75% or more, and you
can't charge 5K per month or more, it's
just not a realistic business model to
get to 10K per or 10 million per year.
I'm not saying that you have to get to
10 million per year. A lot of people
watching this channel are probably don't
even have that goal. But for this video,
that is the kind of approach and it's
just not feasible. And I think you need
to go back to the drawing board and kind
of think of a few things. Number one is,
you know, my pricing. If I a lot of
pricing issues are kind of a matter of
your opinion as more than objective
fact. A lot of people will just pay more
and you just it's a self-limiting
belief. Then the next thing you got to
think of is value. like, okay, I've
raised that pricing and let's just say
we've done that. What can I do to make
my service better? The number one thing
in my view is you can do is choose a
niche where you can productize and it's
the exact same service over and over
that is pretty much guaranteed to work.
Something like lead generation for
business loans, lead generation for
commercial cleaners. It's very hard to
become a Facebook ad agency for
e-commerce stores when you might, you
know, there's not really any learning.
You can't just duplicate the ads for
e-commerce stores with all the different
brands and products and expect it to
work. It's kind of a nonsense niche in
my opinion, even though that was the one
I did value. And then just your lead
generation. If you are trying to take
this approach in a niche that has, you
know, 10,000 total people or 5,000 total
businesses and you're going to try to
generate 333 clients at a time, going to
be very unlikely to say the least. So,
you're really going to want to choose
like what is my pricing? How can I
charge at least 5K? What can I do so
they actually get good results? And then
is it possible for me to generate that
many leads? And if the answer is no,
then probably not the right approach for
you. Just how it is. The next is the
ultra high ticket. And there are pros
and cons of this. the pros like the
original thing or the initial thing is
like can I do something that is going to
generate 100k LTV per year or more and
if we just cannot do this it's basically
a non-starter so if we have 100k LTV per
more per year we are still going to need
100 clients and we kind of
essentially want more than that like we
realistically want a greater LTV than
that per year if you are going to do
this business model. I think that you
realist realistically are not going to
want to do it for anything less than
300k per year, which is 25k per month if
you charging on a monthly basis. It's
just too difficult to get that done. If
you do less than that, which is 33
clients per year, it's very very easy to
get one or two or maybe three or four of
these type of clients if you have the
right service per month.
And I'm tried to I try not to be out of
touch. And it's I know it's not easy to
do this if you've not done it before,
but assuming you have a service where
you can charge it, it's a lot easier
than trying to get 333 clients per month
in the factory approach. This is best
for kind of lead genen offers, affiliate
offers, you know, info and then
enterprise. If you're not really in one
of those kind of things, you know, we're
going to put paper lead there, but I'm
going to talk about that in the
performance one. If you're not really in
these kind of niches, like it's going to
be like very difficult to run this kind
of offer. You can also do enterprise
like, you know, web design, you know,
that kind of stuff. The LTVs are just
not going to be high enough in my
opinion in something like e-commerce or
local legion or SAS to ever get you to
like this kind of stuff. You're going to
need to be in the lead genen for higher
value industries. You're going to have
to have an affiliate model or an info
model, like not an info model, but
serving info where you can kind of
growth partner, but we'll talk about
that later. And it's just a very good
model if you can hit these numbers. Like
for me, I can hit these numbers. I could
charge something like that. I have
something that someone would pay 25K per
month or 300k per year for. If you don't
have that, this is not a non-starter for
you. Most people don't, but you're going
to know if you do it. And in this case
the things that you want to do it's
going to be very
network slash you know personal brand
heavy because you cannot basically do
this without knowing the right people
without being around you know decision
makers at high value niches and highv
value companies and without networking
or having a personal brand that draws
those people and gets you out of the
crowd. it's not really going to work for
you. The next thing that it is going to
rely on is can you get 300K or
more and if that's not true for you, not
really going to be proper. And the final
thing is it's going to be a long sales
cycle. So basically, instead of going
for the call with
outreach and
ads and that kind of stuff, you're going
to be playing the long game, and it's
all going to be driven towards your
content. That basically builds trust and
basically means that if they hire you
and you [__] it all up, they're not
going to be blamed and get fired. When
you go out market to people who will pay
you that much, you're not really dealing
with the founder most of the time.
you're dealing with a head of marketing
or someone like that and if they
basically hire you and you ruin it and
do a horrible job, it's basically like
they can be fired for that and they can
lose their mortgage, tell their wife and
kids that, you know, they hired you and
you ruined their life. And I'm not even
exaggerating at all here. Whereas like
no one gets hired or no one gets fired
for hiring Amazon Web Services or no one
gets fired for hiring the leading
provider in their niche. And this
business model is really just as much as
you're actually delivering client
results. The perception that you can
deliver client results is just as
important. And if you don't have that
perception either through a good network
or personal brand, it's going to be a
tough one. It's going to be a tough one.
I love ultra high ticket. If um you can
pull it off, if you can't and you can't
get 300k or more LTV, I'm going to
actually erase this. Not going to be
possible. Just how it is. The next one
is performance. And this is kind of my
favorite one, but the key word in the
performanceonly business model is
performance. If you or we're going to
put if your service
sucks, this is not for
you. I guess obviously, but the key word
in performance only is performance. This
is good if
you can
provide
huge or I guess the word
unlimited value. So for example a
situation where this is true is like
let's say you do
legen
for financial
advisors and you did that for 5k per
month.
If you find yourself in a situation that
you are very good at your service and
you essentially provide 50k per month in
value for 5k, you might as well switch
to performance only and instead of
basically taking a retainer or fee for
generating these leads, you will you
know take the risk
yourself generate the leads through ads
and like or
outreach. You are basically taking that
cost yourself. That's why it's called
risk. And you are selling the leads in a
performance model for them. So maybe you
do it for 200 a lead. You just sell them
and they're buying the lead for you.
There's no meetings. There's no, you
know, dynamic where you work for them.
Like you are basically a lead seller to
them. And that's a very good business
model if you are someone who gets good
results. If you were an ecom agency that
does Facebook ads, you would just
become, "Okay, we're not going to do
that anymore. I am going to spend the
money on ads and you are going to pay me
a
CPA." In my view, the end of all
agencies is a performanceonly model. I
guess if the
situation warrants it, if you're the
best web designer in the world, there's
not really going to be a performance
model offer for that. you would probably
do the ultra high ticket. But all three
of these things, the factory approach,
the ultra high ticket, and the
performance only are really the three
models that can get you to 10 million
per
year. And if you don't have one of
these, I would say it's very unlikely
you'll get there. Or, and if you do,
it's going to be unnecessarily or
needlessly difficult. So, I would run
through the numbers if I was you and see
which one could work the best for me,
and I would completely reorganize my
business to one of these three models if
I'm trying to get to $10 million per
year or more. I know that's not
everybody's goal. Some people just do
agency for cash flow originally and want
to go into ecom or SAS or just do
something else. Agency is a great model
for that, too. Developing cash flow,
you're developing skills, developing a
network. Not everybody wants to do this,
but if you want to do, and assuming you
want to because you've watched to this
point in the video, but these are the
three models you need. So, thanks for
watching and I'll see you in the next